en: Update descriptions about 迁移 & 同步 to make it clearer (#312)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/task-configuration-file-full.md

# Configuration arguments of the Syncer processing unit.
syncers:
  global:                            # The configuration name of the processing unit.

>     worker-count: 16                 # The number of threads that migrate binlog events concurrently in Syncer.
>     batch: 100                       # The number of SQL statements in a transaction batch that Syncer migrates to the downstream database (100 by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    worker-count: 16                 # The number of threads that replicate binlog events concurrently in Syncer.
    batch: 100                       # The number of SQL statements in a transaction batch that Syncer replicates to the downstream database (100 by default).
```

    source-id: "mysql-replica-02"                   # The `source-id` in source.toml.
    mydumper-thread: 4                              # The number of threads that Mydumper uses for dumping data. `mydumper-thread` corresponds to `threads` in the configuration of mydumper processing unit.
    loader-thread: 16                               # The number of threads that Loader uses for loading data. `loader-thread` corresponds to `pool-size` in the configuration of loader processing unit.

>     syncer-thread: 16                               # The number of threads that Syncer uses for migrating incremental data. `syncer-thread` corresponds to `worker-count` in the configuration of the syncer processing unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    syncer-thread: 16                               # The number of threads that Syncer uses for replicating incremental data. `syncer-thread` corresponds to `worker-count` in the configuration of the syncer processing unit.
```
